--- Generating with seed: "rder, or varied them. then he tried other spells. one after "
------ temperature:0.2
rder, or varied them. then he tried other spells. one after the shadow of the shadow of the shire of the shadow of the shadow of the far away of the shadow of the shire was drive a strange water and the land of the shire of the shadow of the shadow of the shadow of the bank of the shire and the shapes of the shadow of the land of the shadow of the shadow of the shire and the ring and the shire and the shadow was a shadows and the shadow and stars and start
------ temperature:0.5
 the shadow was a shadows and the shadow and stars and startly from the eastern borders of the dark topt of his hands of the elder was and far of the shire was of the ring, and all the mountast and his tree. and the village was as he was a pools was of the borders of the world but the elves, and the suddenguse to make to be a long the springing and all came another stars. i see the wind of the light of the lord and see the shire would make a long the shire
------ temperature:1.0
ht of the lord and see the shire would make a long the shire came no trees?v was don'thorted lost, at this through deat, and the flowers and a clooks upon darkness unless passed and the as he was done wonder. some of it. but it seemed oots plain : mr. wi's the hobbits looked out of some has had nothing tomdob, and forgirdons away to whose is doors; and the rouns sight before the champs very more, lery soft stars-footions. but since wearing the sprime, and 
------ temperature:1.2
lery soft stars-footions. but since wearing the sprime, and there owone and still alremds was scoreels. they mounted becamie ulders our thing a parsing under the defeet slad underparly, but why hap gandalf in old. their fet getfur sost, to hobbits, much proof in, in a papire, mich hele; there were nthsom, loss. 'we migbh overoddly, it visish at everfuling. that the great whities boued counts. really besideom, turning,' we a casted ferd again. to shore they
